docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: "cloudstack"
page_title: "Provider: CloudStack"
sidebar_current: "docs-cloudstack-index"
description: |-
  The CloudStack provider is used to interact with the many resources supported by CloudStack. The provider needs to be configured with a URL pointing to a running CloudStack API and the proper credentials before it can be used.
---

# CloudStack Provider

The CloudStack provider is used to interact with the many resources
supported by CloudStack. The provider needs to be configured with a
URL pointing to a running CloudStack API and the proper credentials
before it can be used.

In order to provide the required configuration options you can either
supply values for the `api_url`, `api_key` and `secret_key` fields, or
for the `config` and `profile` fields. A combination of both is not
allowed and will not work.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Configure the CloudStack Provider
provider "cloudstack" {
  api_url    = "${var.cloudstack_api_url}"
  api_key    = "${var.cloudstack_api_key}"
  secret_key = "${var.cloudstack_secret_key}"
}

# Create a web server
resource "cloudstack_instance" "web" {
  # ...
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `api_url` - (Optional) This is the CloudStack API URL. It can also be sourced
  from the `CLOUDSTACK_API_URL` environment variable.

* `api_key` - (Optional) This is the CloudStack API key. It can also be sourced
  from the `CLOUDSTACK_API_KEY` environment variable.

* `secret_key` - (Optional) This is the CloudStack secret key. It can also be
  sourced from the `CLOUDSTACK_SECRET_KEY` environment variable.

* `config` - (Optional) The path to a `CloudMonkey` config file. If set the API
  URL, key and secret will be retrieved from this file.

* `profile` - (Optional) Used together with the `config` option. Specifies which
  `CloudMonkey` profile in the config file to use.

* `http_get_only` - (Optional) Some cloud providers only allow HTTP GET calls to
  their CloudStack API. If using such a provider, you need to set this to `true`
  in order for the provider to only make GET calls and no POST calls. It can also
  be sourced from the `CLOUDSTACK_HTTP_GET_ONLY` environment variable.

* `timeout` - (Optional) A value in seconds. This is the time allowed for Cloudstack
  to complete each asynchronous job triggered. If unset, this can be sourced from the
  `CLOUDSTACK_TIMEOUT` environment variable. Otherwise, this will default to 300
  seconds.

Commit message:

warn user of new cloudstack provider made by cloudstack

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: "cloudstack"
page_title: "Provider: CloudStack"
sidebar_current: "docs-cloudstack-index"
description: |-
  The CloudStack provider is used to interact with the many resources supported by CloudStack. The provider needs to be configured with a URL pointing to a running CloudStack API and the proper credentials before it can be used.
---


** THIS is a hard fork and a temporary home of https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-cloudstack because this repo is considered as archived by hashicorp, you will find new provider supported by apache cloudstack on https://github.com/apache/cloudstack-terraform-provider when it will be ready **

# CloudStack Provider

The CloudStack provider is used to interact with the many resources
supported by CloudStack. The provider needs to be configured with a
URL pointing to a running CloudStack API and the proper credentials
before it can be used.

In order to provide the required configuration options you can either
supply values for the `api_url`, `api_key` and `secret_key` fields, or
for the `config` and `profile` fields. A combination of both is not
allowed and will not work.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Configure the CloudStack Provider
provider "cloudstack" {
  api_url    = "${var.cloudstack_api_url}"
  api_key    = "${var.cloudstack_api_key}"
  secret_key = "${var.cloudstack_secret_key}"
}

# Create a web server
resource "cloudstack_instance" "web" {
  # ...
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `api_url` - (Optional) This is the CloudStack API URL. It can also be sourced
  from the `CLOUDSTACK_API_URL` environment variable.

* `api_key` - (Optional) This is the CloudStack API key. It can also be sourced
  from the `CLOUDSTACK_API_KEY` environment variable.

* `secret_key` - (Optional) This is the CloudStack secret key. It can also be
  sourced from the `CLOUDSTACK_SECRET_KEY` environment variable.

* `config` - (Optional) The path to a `CloudMonkey` config file. If set the API
  URL, key and secret will be retrieved from this file.

* `profile` - (Optional) Used together with the `config` option. Specifies which
  `CloudMonkey` profile in the config file to use.

* `http_get_only` - (Optional) Some cloud providers only allow HTTP GET calls to
  their CloudStack API. If using such a provider, you need to set this to `true`
  in order for the provider to only make GET calls and no POST calls. It can also
  be sourced from the `CLOUDSTACK_HTTP_GET_ONLY` environment variable.

* `timeout` - (Optional) A value in seconds. This is the time allowed for Cloudstack
  to complete each asynchronous job triggered. If unset, this can be sourced from the
  `CLOUDSTACK_TIMEOUT` environment variable. Otherwise, this will default to 300
  seconds.
